Public Tender Offer 
by 
UPC Schweiz GmbH, Wallisellen, Switzerland 
for all publicly held registered shares with a nominal value of  
CHF 1.00 each  
of 
Sunrise Communications Group AG, Opfikon, Switzerland 
Offer Price:
CHF 110.00 net in cash (the 
Offer Price
) per registered share of Sunrise 
Communications Group AG (
Sunrise 
or the
 Company
) with a nominal 
value of Swiss Francs (
CHF
) 1.00 each (each a 
Sunrise Share
).  
The Offer Price will be reduced by the gross amount of any dilutive effects 
in respect of the Sunrise Shares prior to the consummation of the Offer 
(the 
Settlement
, and the date on which the Settlement shall occur, the 
Settlement Date
), including dividend payments and other distributions of 
any kind, stock splits or reverse stock splits, demergers and spin-offs, 
capital increases and the sale of treasury shares at an issuance or sales 
price per Sunrise Share below the Offer Price, the purchase by the Com-
pany or any of its Subsidiaries of Sunrise Shares at a purchase price 
above the lower of the Offer Price and the prevailing share price, the issu-
ance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of options, warrants, con-
vertible securities or other rights to acquire Sunrise Shares or other secu-
rities of the Company, and repayments of capital in any form
.Offer Period:
From September 11, 2020, to October 8, 2020, 4:00 p.m. Swiss time (sub-
ject to extension). 
Sunrise 
Securities No. 
ISIN 
Ticker symbol 
Registered shares 
not tendered 
(first trading line) 
26 729 122 
CH0267291224 
SRCG 
Registered shares 
tendered 
(second trading line) 
56 563 066 
CH0565630669 
SRCGE 
________________ 
Financial Advisors 
Credit Suisse 
J.P. Morgan
Offer Manager 
Credit Suisse 
Offer Prospectus dated August 27, 2020
(the 
Offer Prospectus
)2 | 35 
Offer Restrictions 
General 
The tender offer (
öffentliches Kaufangebot
) described in this Offer Prospectus (the 
Offer
) is not 
being made and will not be made, directly or indirectly, in any country or jurisdiction in which the 
Offer would be considered unlawful or otherwise violate any applicable laws or regulations, or 
which would require Liberty Global plc (
Liberty Global
) or any of its direct or indirect subsidiar-
ies, including UPC Schweiz GmbH (the 
Offeror
) (each direct or indirect subsidiary of Liberty 
Global or of Sunrise hereinafter a 
Subsidiary
), to change or amend the terms or conditions of 
the Offer in any material way, to make an additional filing with any governmental, regulatory or 
other authority or take additional action in relation to the Offer. It is not intended to extend the 
Offer to any such country or jurisdiction. Any such document relating to the Offer must neither be 
distributed in any such country or jurisdiction nor be sent into such country or jurisdiction, and 
must not be used for the purpose of soliciting the purchase of securities of the Company by any 
person or entity resident or incorporated in any such country or jurisdiction. 
According to Swiss law, Sunrise Shares
tendered into the Offer may generally not be withdrawn 
after they are tendered except under certain circumstances, in particular in case a competing 
offer for the Sunrise Shares is launched. 
Notice to U.S. Holders 
The Offer is being made for the registered shares of Sunrise, a Swiss corporation (
Aktiengesell-
schaft
) whose shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (
SIX
), and is subject to Swiss dis-
closure and procedural requirements, which are different from those of the United States of 
America (the 
U.S.
). The Offer is being made in the U.S. pursuant to Section 14(e) of, and Regu-
lation 14E under, the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
U.S. Exchange 
Act
), subject to the exemptions provided by Rule 14d-1 and Rule 14e-5 under the U.S. Ex-
change Act and any exemptions from such requirements granted by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the 
SEC
), and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Swiss 
law. Accordingly, the Offer is subject to disclosure and other procedural requirements, including 
with respect to withdrawal rights, settlement procedures and timing of payments that are different 
from those applicable under U.S. domestic tender offer procedures and laws. Holders of Sunrise 
Shares resident in the U.S. (each a 
U.S. Holder
) are urged to read this Offer Prospectus, which 
is available via www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch, and consult with their own Swiss advi-
sors regarding the Offer. U.S. Holders may also call +1 303 220 6600 (US) or email 
ir@LibertyGlobal.com to request a copy of this Offer Prospectus.  
In accordance with the laws of Switzerland and subject to applicable regulatory requirements, 
Liberty Global and its Subsidiaries and affiliates or their respective nominees or brokers (acting 
as agents for the Offeror) may from time to time after the date of this Offer Prospectus, and other 
than pursuant to the Offer, directly or indirectly, purchase or arrange to purchase Sunrise Shares 
or any securities that are convertible into, exchangeable for or exercisable for Sunrise Shares 
from shareholders of the Company who are willing to sell their Sunrise Shares outside the Offer 
from time to time, including purchases in the open market at prevailing prices or in private trans-
actions at negotiated prices, and shall comply with applicable laws and regulations in Switzer-
land and applicable U.S. securities laws, rules and regulations and pursuant to exemptive relief 
granted by the SEC from Rule 14e-5 under the U.S. Exchange Act. Any such purchases will not 
3 | 35 
be made at prices higher than the Offer Price or on terms more favorable than those offered 
pursuant to the Offer unless the Offer Price is increased accordingly. Any information about such 
purchases or arrangements to purchase will be publicly disclosed in the U.S. on 
www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch to the extent that such information is made public in ac-
cordance with the applicable laws and regulations of Switzerland. In addition, the financial advi-
sors to the Company and, subject to applicable Swiss and U.S. securities laws, rules and regula-
tions and pursuant to exemptive relief granted by the SEC from Rule 14e-5 under the U.S. Ex-
change Act, the financial advisors to Liberty Global and its affiliates may also engage in ordinary 
course trading activities in securities of the Company, which may include purchases or arrange-
ments to purchase such securities.  
It may be difficult for U.S. Holders to enforce their rights and any claim arising out of U.S. securi-
ties laws, since the Offeror and the Company are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction, and some or 
all of their officers and directors may be residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction. U.S. Holders may 
not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a U.S. or non-U.S. court for 
violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further, it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company 
and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.  
The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local laws, as well as foreign 
and other tax laws. Each U.S. Holder of the Company is urged to consult his or her independent 
professional advisor immediately regarding the U.S. tax consequences of an acceptance of the 
Offer. Neither the SEC nor any securities commission of any State of the U.S. has (a) approved 
or disapproved of the Offer; (b) passed upon the merits or fairness of the Offer; or (c) passed 
upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this Offer Prospectus. Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offence in the U.S. 
American Depositary Shares and American Depositary Receipts 
The Offeror is aware that there is an "unsponsored" American Depositary Receipt Program con-
cerning Sunrise Shares. The Offer is not being made for American Depositary Shares represent-
ing Sunrise Shares (
ADSs
), nor for American Depositary Receipts evidencing such ADSs 
(ADRs
). However, the Offer is being made for the Sunrise Shares that are represented by the 
ADSs. Holders of ADSs and ADRs are encouraged to consult with the appropriate depositary 
regarding the tender of Sunrise Shares that are represented by ADSs. The Offeror is unaware of 
whether any respective depositary will make arrangements to tender the underlying Sunrise 
Shares into the Offer on behalf of holders of ADSs or ADRs.  
Generally, holders of ADSs may be able to present their ADSs to the appropriate depositary for 
cancellation and (upon compliance with the terms of the deposit agreement relating to the ﬁun-
sponsoredﬂ American Depositary Receipt Program concerning Sunrise Shares, including pay-
ment of the depositary's fees and any applicable transfer fees, taxes and governmental charges) 
delivery of Sunrise Shares to them, in order to become shareholders of the Company. The Sun-
rise Shares delivered to holders of ADSs upon such cancellation may then be tendered into the 
Offer. Holders of ADSs should consult with the relevant depositary regarding their ability to ob-
tain the underlying Sunrise Shares and the applicable procedures. Holders of ADSs should be 
aware, however, that in order to tender in this manner, they may need to have an account in 
Switzerland into which the Sunrise Shares can be delivered. 
4 | 35 
United Kingdom 
The communication of this Offer Prospectus is not being made by, and has not been approved 
by, an authorised person for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000. In the United Kingdom (
U.K.
), this Offer is directed only at persons (i) who have pro-
fessional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the 
Order
), (ii) falling within 
article 49(2)(a) to (d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.") of the Or-
der or (iii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being 
referred to as "relevant persons"). No communication in respect of the Offer must be acted on or 
relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. The Offer, any investment or investment 
activity to which this Offer relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in 
only with relevant persons. 
Canada 
The Offer is being made to shareholders of the Company whose place of residence, seat or 
habitual abode is in Canada in reliance on the foreign takeover bid exemption under applicable 
Canadian securities law, and such shareholders may accept the Offer. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Offer Prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Pri-
vate Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements often 
address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often 
contain words such as "expect", "anticipate", "intend", "plan", "believe", "seek", "see", "will", 
"would", "may", "target", and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. 
These forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to the 
outlook in Switzerland of Sunrise and Liberty Global; operational expectations, including with 
respect to the development, launch and benefits of innovative and advanced products and ser-
vices, including gigabit speeds, new technology and next generation platform rollouts or launch-
es; future growth prospects and opportunities, results of operations, uses of cash, tax rates, and 
other measures that may impact the financial performance of the companies; anticipated bene-
fits and synergies and estimated costs of the Offer; the expected timing of completion of the 
Offer; and other information and statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking 
statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materi-
ally from those expressed or implied by these statements. These risks and uncertainties include 
events that are outside of the control of the parties, such as: (i) Sunrise's, Liberty Global's, and 
their respective operating companies' ability to meet challenges from competition and to achieve 
forecasted financial and operating targets; (ii) the effects of changes in laws or regulations; (iii) 
general economic, legislative, political and regulatory factors, and the impact of weather condi-
tions, natural disasters, or any epidemic, pandemic or disease outbreak (including COVID-19); 
(iv) Sunrise's, Liberty Global's, and their respective Subsidiaries' ability to obtain regulatory ap-
provals and satisfy other conditions to the consummation of the Offer; (v) the Offer may not be 
completed on anticipated terms and timing or completed at all; (vi) Liberty Global's and its Sub-
sidiaries' ability to successfully integrate Sunrise and realize anticipated efficiencies and syner-
gies from the Offer; (vii) the outcome of any potential litigation that may be instituted with respect 
to the Offer; (viii) the potential impact of unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, reve-
nues, expenses, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition on the future pro-
spects and business of Sunrise and Liberty Global's Swiss business after the consummation of 
5 | 35 
the Offer; (ix) any negative effects of the announcement, pendency or consummation of the Of-
fer; and (x) management's response to any of the aforementioned factors. For additional infor-
mation on identifying factors that may cause actual results to vary materially from those stated in 
forward-looking statements, please see Liberty Global's filings with the SEC, including Liberty 
Global's most recently filed Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the 
date of this Offer Prospectus. Sunrise and Liberty Global expressly disclaim any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained 
in this Offer Prospectus to reflect any change in expectations with regard thereto or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
A. Background of the Offer 
The Offeror is a limited liability company (
Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
) organized un-
der the laws of Switzerland with registered seat in Wallisellen, Switzerland. The Offeror is an 
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Liberty Global and pursues business activities in the tele-
communications industry in Switzerland with product offerings for television, internet and fixed 
and mobile telephony and serving some 1.5 million customers across Switzerland.  
Liberty Global is a public limited company organized under the United Kingdom Companies Act 
2006, with registered office in London, United Kingdom. Liberty Global, together with its Subsidi-
aries (the 
Liberty Global Group
) is globally active in the telecommunications industry. 
Sunrise is a corporation (
Aktiengesellschaft
) organized under the laws of Switzerland, having its 
registered seat in Opfikon, Switzerland. Sunrise's registered shares have been traded on the SIX 
since February 6, 2015 (ticker symbol
SRCG
). Sunrise, together with its Subsidiaries (the 
Sun-
rise Group
), is the second largest integrated telecommunications provider in Switzerland. Sun-
rise offers a broad range of services, including mobile voice and data, landline internet and TV 
services. Through the Offer, the Offeror intends to obtain full control over Sunrise and its Subsid-
iaries, with the aim of combining Sunrise's business with the Offeror's business.  
On August 12, 2020, Liberty Global and the Company entered into a transaction agreement (the 
Transaction Agreement
) pursuant to which Liberty Global agreed to, or cause a Subsidiary to, 
submit, publish and conduct the Offer and the Company's board of directors unanimously re-
solved, 
inter alia
, to recommend the Offer for acceptance by the holders of Sunrise Shares.  
On the same date, Liberty Global and freenet AG (
Freenet
), a stock corporation organized un-
der the laws of Germany with registered office in Büdelsdorf, Germany, holding 11,051,578 Sun-
rise Shares, corresponding to 24.4% of the Company's issued share capital as of the date of this 
Offer Prospectus, entered into a tender undertaking in which Freenet agreed to tender all 
11,051,578 Sunrise Shares held by Freenet into the Offer. Further, prior to the date of this Offer 
Prospectus, members of the Company's board of directors and executive leadership team have 
entered into tender undertakings in which they agreed to tender all Sunrise Shares held by them 
into the Offer. Therefore, an aggregate of 24.5% of the Company's issued share capital as of the 
date of this Offer Prospectus is subject to tender undertakings. 
6 | 35 
B. Offer 
1. Pre-Announcement 
On August 12, 2020, Liberty Global published a pre-announcement (the 
Pre-Announcement
) of 
the Offer in accordance with articles 5 
et seq.
 of the Ordinance of the Swiss Takeover Board on 
Public Takeover Offers (
Verordnung der Übernahmekommission über öffentliche Kaufangebote
;the 
Takeover Ordinance
). The Pre-Announcement was published in English, German and 
French on a designated offer website of Liberty Global (www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch) 
and on the website of the Swiss Takeover Board (the 
TOB
), and was otherwise distributed in 
accordance with the Takeover Ordinance, before opening of trading on the SIX on August 12, 
2020. 
2. Object of the Offer 
Except as set forth below and subject to the Offer restrictions set forth elsewhere in this Offer 
Prospectus, the Offer extends to all publicly held Sunrise Shares. 
The Offer does not extend to (i) Sunrise Shares held by Liberty Global or any of its Subsidiaries, 
(ii) Sunrise Shares held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) the ADSs or ADRs of 
the Company which are traded on the over-the-counter (OTC) markets in the U.S. (however, the 
Offer does extend to the underlying Sunrise Shares represented by such ADSs). 
Accordingly, the Offer relates to a maximum number of 45,265,446 Sunrise Shares, calculated 
as of August 11, 2020 (the last SIX trading day (each a 
Trading Day
) prior to the Pre-
Announcement) as follows: 
Issued Sunrise Shares* 
45,265,446 
Sunrise Shares held by Liberty Global or any of its Subsidiaries** 
Œ 0
Sunrise Shares held by Sunrise or any of its Subsidiaries*** 
Œ 0 
Maximum Number of Sunrise Shares to which the Offer extends 
45,265,446
* 
According to the Commercial Register. 
** 
As of August 11, 2020 (the last Trading Day prior to the Pre-Announcement). 
*** As of August 11, 2020 (the last Trading Day prior to the Pre-Announcement) according to infor-
mation provided by Sunrise. 
Sunrise has agreed with Liberty Global that Sunrise will not, and that it will procure that its Sub-
sidiaries will not, from the date of the Transaction Agreement until the Settlement Date, issue, 
sell or otherwise dispose of, or acquire or repurchase any Sunrise Shares. 
3. Offer Price 
The Offer Price for each Sunrise Share is CHF 110.00 net in cash.  
The Offer Price will be reduced by the gross amount of any dilutive effects in respect of the Sun-
rise Shares prior to the Settlement, including dividend payments and other distributions of any 
kind, stock splits or reverse stock splits, demergers and spin-offs, capital increases and the sale 
of treasury shares at an issuance or sales price per Sunrise Share below the Offer Price, the 
7 | 35 
purchase by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Sunrise Shares at a purchase price 
above the lower of the Offer Price and the prevailing share price, the issuance by the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries of options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights to acquire 
Sunrise Shares or other securities of the Company, and repayments of capital in any form
.The Offer Price implies a premium of 32% to the volume-weighted average price of all on-
exchange transactions in Sunrise Shares executed on the SIX during the sixty (60) Trading Days 
prior to the publication of the Pre-Announcement (being CHF 83.17).  
The monthly median of the daily volume of on-exchange transactions on the SIX in Sunrise 
Shares was equal to or greater than 0.04% of the tradeable portion of the relevant security (free 
float) in at least ten (10) of the twelve (12) full months preceding the publication of the Pre-
Announcement. Accordingly, the Sunrise Shares are deemed liquid pursuant to Circular No. 2 
(Liquidity in the context of takeover law) of the TOB of February 26, 2010
.Historical price trend of Sunrise Shares since 2016:
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020** 
High* 
69.55 
92.40 
94.55 
89.85 
87.45  
Low* 
55.25 
65.20 
77.10 
67.30 
71.55  
* 
Daily closing price in CHF 
** 
From January 1 until August 11, 2020 (the last Trading Day prior to the Pre-Announcement) 
Source: Factset
4. Cooling-off Period 
If not extended by the TOB, a cooling-off period of ten (10) Trading Days (the 
Cooling-off Peri-
od
) will run following publication of this Offer Prospectus, 
i.e
., from August 28, 2020 through 
September 10, 2020. The Offer may only be accepted after the expiration of the Cooling-off Pe-
riod. 
5. Offer Period  
If the Cooling-off Period is not extended by the TOB, the initial offer period of twenty (20) Trading 
Days is expected to commence on September 11, 2020 and to end on October 8, 2020, 
4:00 p.m. Swiss time (the 
Offer Period
).  
Holders of Sunrise Shares may tender their Sunrise Shares at any time prior to the end of the 
(possibly extended) Offer Period.  
The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period once or several times to a maximum of 
forty (40) Trading Days from the commencement of the Offer or, with the approval of the TOB, 
beyond forty (40) Trading Days. In the event of an extension, the commencement of the Addi-
tional Acceptance Period (as defined below) and the Settlement Date will be deferred according-
ly. 
8 | 35 
6. Additional Acceptance Period 
After the expiration of the (possibly extended) Offer Period and if the Offer is declared successful 
(zustande gekommen
), there will be an additional acceptance period of ten (10) Trading Days for 
the subsequent acceptance of the Offer (the 
Additional Acceptance Period
). If the Cooling-off 
Period is not extended by the TOB and if the Offer Period is not extended, the Additional Ac-
ceptance Period is expected to begin on October 15, 2020 and to end on October 28, 2020, 4:00 
p.m. Swiss time. 
7. Offer Conditions, Waiver of Offer Conditions and Period for Which the Offer 
Conditions are in Force and Effect 
(1) Offer Conditions  
The Offer is subject to the conditions set forth below (each an 
Offer Condition
). The period in 
respect of which each of the Offer Conditions will be in force and in effect is described in subsec-
tion B.7(3) ("
Period for Which the Offer Conditions are in Force and in Effect
") below. 
(a) 
Minimum Acceptance Rate:
 By the end of the (possibly extended) Offer Period, the Offe-
ror shall have received valid and irrevocable acceptances for such number of Sunrise 
Shares representing, when combined with any Sunrise Shares that Liberty Global and its 
Subsidiaries will own at the end of the (possibly extended) Offer Period (but not including 
Sunrise Shares held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), at least 66 2/3% of the 
fully diluted share capital of Sunrise as at the end of the (possibly extended) Offer Period 
(i.e.
, of all Sunrise Shares issued as at such date plus all Sunrise Shares the issuance of 
which (i) has been resolved by a shareholders' meeting or the board of directors of the 
Company before such date, or (ii) may occur through the exercise of options or conversion 
or other rights for the issuance, acquisition, transfer or receipt of Sunrise Shares which are 
issued at, or the issuance of which has been resolved by the shareholders' meeting or the 
board of directors of the Company before, such date). 
(b) 
Merger Clearances and Other Approvals:
All waiting periods applicable to the acquisition 
of the Company by the Offeror shall have expired or been terminated and all competent 
merger control and other authorities and, if applicable, courts in all jurisdictions shall have 
approved or cleared or, as the case may be, not prohibited or objected to, the Offer, its 
Settlement and the acquisition of the Company by the Offeror (each such expiration or 
termination of a waiting period, approval, clearance, non-prohibition or non-objection, a 
Clearance
). No condition, restriction or undertaking shall have been imposed on Liberty 
Global, the Company and|or any of their Subsidiaries in connection with any Clearance, 
and no Clearance shall be subject to any condition, restriction or undertaking on any of 
them that, individually or together with any other condition, restriction or undertaking or 
other facts, occurrences, circumstances or events would reasonably be capable of caus-
ing a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below) on Liberty Global, the Company, any of 
their Subsidiaries or on the combined group consisting of Liberty Global, its Subsidiaries 
and the Sunrise Group when aggregating all respective effects on Liberty Global, all of its 
Subsidiaries and the Sunrise Group. 
(c) 
No Injunction or Prohibition:
 No judgment, award, decision, order or other authoritative 
measure shall have been issued temporarily or permanently, in full or in part, preventing, 
9 | 35 
prohibiting or declaring illegal the Offer, its acceptance, the Settlement or the acquisition 
of the Company by the Offeror. 
(d) 
No Material Adverse Effect:
 By the end of the (possibly extended) Offer Period, no facts, 
occurrences, circumstances or events shall have arisen or occurred, and no facts, occur-
rences, circumstances or events shall have been disclosed or reported by the Company or 
otherwise come to Liberty Global's or the Offeror's attention which, individually or together 
with any other facts, occurrences, circumstances, events or conditions, restrictions or un-
dertakings, would reasonably be capable of having a Material Adverse Effect on the Com-
pany, any of its Subsidiaries or on the Sunrise Group, taken as a whole.  
A 
Material Adverse Effect
 means a reduction of: 
  the annual consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amorti-
zation (EBITDA) of CHF 66.8 million Œ corresponding to 10% of the adjusted 
EBITDA of the Sunrise Group in the financial year 2019 as per the Company's 
annual report 2019 Œ or more; or 
  the annual consolidated revenue of CHF 108.6 million Œ corresponding to 7% of 
the annual consolidated revenue excluding hardware and hubbing of the Sunrise 
Group in the financial year 2019 as per the Company's annual report 2019 Œ or 
more; or 
 the consolidated total equity of CHF 134.1 million Œ corresponding to 10% of the 
consolidated total equity of the Sunrise Group as of December 31, 2019 as per 
the Company's annual report 2019 Œ or more. 
(e) 
Registration in the Share Register of the Company: 
The board of directors of the Compa-
ny shall have resolved to register the Offeror and|or any other company controlled and 
designated by Liberty Global in the Company's share register as shareholder(s) with vot-
ing rights with respect to all Sunrise Shares that Liberty Global or any of its Subsidiaries 
has acquired or may acquire (with respect to Sunrise Shares to be acquired in the Offer, 
subject to all other Offer Conditions having been satisfied or waived), and the Offeror 
and|or any other company controlled and designated by Liberty Global shall have been 
registered in the share register of the Company as shareholder(s) with voting rights with 
respect to all Sunrise Shares acquired. 
(f) 
Resignation and Appointment of Members of the Board of Directors of the Company:
 All 
members of Sunrise's board of directors shall have resigned from their functions on the 
board of directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries with effect from and subject to the 
Settlement, and a duly convened general meeting of the Company's shareholders shall 
have elected the persons nominated by the Offeror to the Company's board of directors 
with effect from and subject to the Settlement. 
(g) 
No Adverse Resolutions by the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company:
 The 
general meeting of shareholders of the Company shall not have: 
(A) resolved or approved any dividend, other distribution or capital reduction or any 
acquisition, spin-off (
Abspaltung
), transfer of assets and liabilities (
Ver-
mögensübertragung
) or other disposal of assets (x) with an aggregate value or for 
10 | 35 
an aggregate consideration of more than CHF 406.2 million (corresponding to 
10% of the consolidated total assets of the Sunrise Group as of December 31, 
2019, as per the Company's annual report 2019), or (y) contributing in the aggre-
gate more than CHF 66.8 million to the annual consolidated EBITDA (correspond-
ing to 10% of the adjusted EBITDA of the Sunrise Group in the financial year 
2019, as per the Company's annual report 2019); 
(B) resolved or approved any merger, demerger (
Aufspaltung
) or ordinary, authorized 
or conditional increase of the share capital of the Company; or 
(C) adopted any amendment of the articles of association of the Company to intro-
duce any transfer restrictions (
Vinkulierung
) or voting limitations (
Stimmrechts-
beschränkungen
). 
(h) 
No Acquisition or Sale of Material Assets or Incurrence or Repayment of Material Indebt-
edness: 
With the exception of the obligations that have been made public prior to the date 
of the Pre-Announcement or that are related to the Offer or arise from the Settlement, be-
tween December 31, 2019, and the transfer of control to the Offeror, the Company and its 
Subsidiaries shall not have undertaken to acquire or sell (or have acquired or sold) any 
assets or have undertaken to incur or repay (or have incurred or repaid) any indebtedness 
in the aggregate amount or aggregate value of more than CHF 406.2 million (correspond-
ing to 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Sunrise Group as of December 31, 
2019, as per the Company's annual report 2019).
(2) Waiver of Offer Conditions 
The Offeror reserves the right to waive, in whole or in part, one or more of the Offer Conditions. 
(3) Period for Which the Offer Conditions are in Force and Effect 
Offer Conditions (a) and (d) shall be in force and in effect until the expiration of the (possibly 
extended) Offer Period.  
Offer Conditions (b), (c), (g) and (h) shall be in force and effect until the Settlement. 
Offer Conditions (e) and (f) shall be in force and effect until the Settlement or, if earlier, until the 
date when the applicable corporate body of the Company has taken the required resolution men-
tioned therein. 
If any of the Offer Conditions (a) or (d) have not been satisfied or waived by the end of the (pos-
sibly extended) Offer Period, the Offer will be declared unsuccessful. 
If the respective corporate body of the Company resolves on the matters specified in Offer Con-
ditions (e) or (f) prior to the expiration of the (possibly extended) Offer Period and any of the 
Offer Conditions (e) or (f) have not been satisfied or waived (with respect to the resolutions of 
corporate bodies mentioned therein) by the end of the (possibly extended) Offer Period, the Of-
fer will be declared unsuccessful. 
If the Offer Condition (b) has not been satisfied or waived by the anticipated Settlement Date, 
the Offeror is obliged to postpone the Settlement for a period of up to four months after the expi-
11 | 35 
ration of the Additional Acceptance Period (the 
Postponement
). If any of the Offer Conditions 
(c), (g) or (h) or, if and to the extent still applicable (see preceding paragraphs), any of the Offer 
Conditions (e) or (f), have not been satisfied or waived by the anticipated Settlement Date, the 
Offeror shall be entitled to declare the Offer unsuccessful or to declare a Postponement. During 
the Postponement, the Offer shall continue to be subject to the Offer Conditions (b), (c), (g) and 
(h) and, if and to the extent still applicable (see preceding paragraphs), Offer Conditions (e) and 
(f), as long as, and to the extent, such Offer Conditions have not been satisfied or waived. Un-
less the Offeror applies for, and the TOB approves, an additional postponement of the Settle-
ment, the Offeror will declare the Offer unsuccessful if such Offer Conditions have not been sat-
isfied or waived during the Postponement. 
C. Information Regarding the Offeror 
1. Name, Registered Seat, Capital, Shareholders and Principal Business Activities of 
the Offeror 
The Offeror is a limited liability company organized under the laws of Switzerland with registered 
seat in Wallisellen, Switzerland. The Offeror was formed on November 29, 2000 and its quota 
capital amounts to CHF 2,000,000, represented by one quota with a nominal value of 
CHF 2,000,000. The Offeror's purpose is, 
inter alia
, to pursue business activities in the cable 
industry, in particular the design, construction and operation of large community facilities with 
distribution networks or by other means, in particular for radio and television. The Offeror pur-
sues business activities in the telecommunications industry in Switzerland with product offerings 
for television, internet and fixed and mobile telephony and serving some 1.5 million customers 
across Switzerland. 
The Offeror's entire quota capital and voting rights are indirectly, through a chain of wholly-
owned companies, held by Liberty Global. Liberty Global is a public limited company organized 
under the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006, with registered office in London, United King-
dom. The Liberty Global Group is globally active in the telecommunications industry. In the busi-
ness year ended December 31, 2019, Liberty Global Group generated worldwide annual turno-
ver of USD 11.5 billion. 
Liberty Global's common stock is listed on NASDAQ (ticker symbols LBTYA, LBTYB and 
LBTYK). As of August 25, 2020, based upon (1) 182,289,922 Liberty Global Class A shares, (2) 
12,561,772 Liberty Global Class B shares, and (3) 397,203,011 Liberty Global Class C shares, 
in each case, outstanding as of such date, the persons and entities listed below have been re-
ported as direct or indirect shareholders holding 5% or more of the voting rights of Liberty Global 
to the extent known by Liberty Global or ascertainable from filings made by such persons or 
entities with the SEC. The Liberty Global Class C shares are, however, non-voting and therefore 
excluded from the calculation of voting rights below. Further details are set out in the filings of 
Liberty Global available on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system operat-
ed by the SEC, including the most recent proxy statement pertaining to its 2020 annual general 
meeting filed on May 21, 2020, and the applicable Schedule 13D and Schedule 13G filings of 
the persons and entities listed below.   
Š Michael T. Fries, 8.95%; relating to shares (i) subject to certain share appreciation rights, 
(ii) held in the Liberty Global 401(k) Savings and Stock Ownership Plan for the benefit of 
Mr. Fries, (iii) held directly, and (iv) held through a trust of which the beneficiaries are 
Mr. Fries' children; 
12 | 35 
Š John C. Malone, 30.06%; relating to shares (i) subject to certain options, (ii) held directly 
or through Columbus Holding LLC (an entity controlled by Mr. Malone), (iii) held by 
Mr. Malone's spouse, and (iv) held by two trusts managed by an independent trustee, of 
which the beneficiaries are Mr. Malone's adult children and a trust with respect to which 
Mr. Malone is the sole trustee and, with his spouse, retains a unitrust interest in the trust;  
Š Berkshire Hathaway Inc., 6.27%; based upon the Form 4, filed with the SEC on July 10, 
2020, by Berkshire Hathaway Inc.; 
Š Dodge & Cox, 5.67%; relating to shares mostly held by Dodge & Cox International Stock 
Fund; based upon the Schedule 13G/A (Amendment No. 4) for the year ended December 
31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020, by Dodge & Cox; and 
Š Harris Associates L.P., 12%; based upon the Schedule 13G/A (Amendment No. 4) for the 
year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020, by Harris Asso-
ciates Inc. on behalf of itself and as general partner of Harris Associates L.P. 
In addition to the above, as of August 25, 2020, based upon the number of Liberty Global shares 
outstanding as described above, to the extent known by Liberty Global or ascertainable from 
filings made by such persons or entities with the SEC, the following persons and entities have 
been reported as direct or indirect shareholders holding 3% or more of the voting rights of Liber-
ty Global: (i) Robert R. Bennett, 3.23% (based upon a Form 8.3 dated November 4, 2015, sub-
mitted by Mr. Bennett pursuant to the U.K. Takeover Code); (ii) William H. Gates III, 3.53% 
(based upon a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 18, 2018, by William H. Gates III, Cas-
cade Investment, L.L.C., the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Trust and Melinda French 
Gates); and (iii) Route One Investment Company, L.P., 3.03% (based upon a Schedule 13G 
filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020, jointly by Route One Investment Company, L.P., Route 
One Investment Company, LLC, ROIC, LLC, William F. Duhamel, Jr. and Jason E. Moment). 
2. Persons Acting in Concert with the Offeror 
In connection with the Offer, all companies and persons (directly or indirectly) controlled by Lib-
erty Global as well as from August 12, 2020, the date on which Liberty Global and Sunrise en-
tered into the Transaction Agreement, Sunrise and all companies and persons (directly or indi-
rectly) controlled by Sunrise are deemed to be acting in concert with the
Offeror. 
3. Annual Report 
As a private company and an indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Liberty Global, the Offeror  
has never published an annual report. The annual report of the
Liberty Global Group for  
the business year ended December 31, 2019 and the financial results for the business  
quarter ended June 30, 2020, are available on the website of Liberty Global at 
https://www.libertyglobal.com/investors/financials/.  
4. Participations in Sunrise 
As of August 11, 2020 (the last Trading Day prior to the Pre-Announcement), the Offeror and the 
persons acting in concert with it (excluding Sunrise and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries) held 
no Sunrise Shares and no financial instruments with respect to Sunrise Shares. As of the same 
13 | 35 
date, Sunrise and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries held, according to Sunrise, no Sunrise 
Shares and no financial instruments with respect to Sunrise Shares.  
5. Purchases and Sales of Equity Securities in Sunrise 
During the 12-month period preceding the date of the Pre-Announcement, the Offeror and the 
persons acting in concert with it (excluding Sunrise and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries) did 
not purchase or sell any Sunrise Shares. During the same period, the Offeror and the persons 
acting in concert with it (excluding Sunrise and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries) did not pur-
chase or sell any financial instruments with respect to Sunrise Shares. Following the date of the 
Pre-Announcement, the Offeror and the persons acting in concert with it (excluding Sunrise and 
its direct and indirect Subsidiaries) did not purchase or sell any Sunrise Shares or any financial 
instruments with respect to Sunrise Shares. For a description of the undertakings by certain 
shareholders of Sunrise to tender their Sunrise Shares into the Offer see Section A 
("
Background of the Offer
").  
According to Sunrise, since August 12, 2020 (the date on which the Offeror and Sunrise entered 
into the Transaction Agreement), before opening of trading on the SIX, neither Sunrise nor any 
of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries have purchased or sold any Sunrise Shares or financial in-
struments with respect to Sunrise Shares.  
D. Financing of the Offer 
The Offer will be financed through a combination of (i) additional term loan facilities in an aggre-
gate amount equivalent to approximately CHF 1.6 billion to be made available to certain Subsid-
iaries of Liberty Global by commercial banks under the UPC SFA (as defined in Section E.3) and 
(ii) in respect of the balance, cash from Liberty Global's balance sheet in an amount equivalent 
to approximately CHF 3.4 billion. Loans and cash from Liberty Global's balance sheet not de-
nominated in CHF will be converted into CHF (pursuant to certain hedging arrangements). The 
relevant funds will be made available to the Offeror through intra-group loans and|or equity injec-
tions.
E. Information Regarding Sunrise 
1. Name, Registered Seat, Business Activity and Annual Report 
Sunrise is a Swiss corporation (
Aktiengesellschaft
), having its registered seat in Opfikon, Swit-
zerland. Pursuant to its articles of association, the Company's main corporate purpose is the 
acquisition, holding, management and sale of participations in companies in the area of tele-
communication in and outside of Switzerland.  
The consolidated financial statements of Sunrise as of December 31, 2019, as well as the con-
solidated interim financial statements as of June 30, 2020, can be consulted on Sunrise's web-
site at https://www.sunrise.ch/en/corporate-communications/investor-relations.html. 
14 | 35 
2. Share Capital and Outstanding Options and Similar Rights 
Share Capital of Sunrise 
According to the online excerpt of the Commercial Register of August 11, 2020 (the last Trading 
Day prior to the Pre-Announcement), the share capital of Sunrise amounts to CHF 45,265,446, 
divided into 45,265,446 registered shares (
Namenaktien
) with a nominal value of CHF 1.00 
each. The Sunrise Shares are listed pursuant to the International Reporting Standard of the SIX 
under the Swiss securities number 26 729 122 (ISIN: CH0267291224; ticker symbol SRCG).  
According to its articles of association, Sunrise has (1) an authorized share capital of 
CHF 4,200,000, allowing for the issuance of 4,200,000 additional registered shares, and (2) an 
authorized share capital of CHF 84,554, allowing for the issuance of 84,554 additional registered 
shares to employees, members of the board of directors and executive management of Sunrise 
or its Subsidiaries pursuant to one or several regulations adopted by the board of directors. In 
the Transaction Agreement, Sunrise has undertaken, among other things, not to issue, sell or 
otherwise dispose of, or acquire any equity securities (including Sunrise Shares) or equity-linked 
securities or other rights for securities in the Company and not to change the share capital or 
capital structure of the Company without the prior approval of Liberty Global.  
As of August 11, 2020 (the last Trading Day prior to the Pre-Announcement), Sunrise and its 
direct and indirect Subsidiaries held no treasury shares. 
Outstanding Options and Similar Rights 
Sunrise has certain share-based equity plans under which the members of its executive leader-
ship team and other employees are or were entitled to receive or purchase Sunrise Shares. 
Some of the Sunrise Shares granted under these plans are subject to a three-year blocking pe-
riod. Further, Sunrise pays part of the compensation of the members of the board of directors of 
the Company in the form of blocked Sunrise Shares.  
Sunrise has undertaken in the Transaction Agreement, (i) not to change or amend or agree to 
change or amend any of the terms and conditions of the Sunrise incentive plans (including the 
plans described above), or establish or agree to any new option, share or other participation plan 
or arrangement, or agree to or perform any cash settlement or repurchase of any such options, 
rights or awards from the date of the Transaction Agreement until six months after the end of the 
Additional Acceptance Period, and (ii) not to grant any awards under any Sunrise incentive plans 
from the date of the Transaction Agreement until the Settlement, in each case except as agreed 
by Liberty Global and Sunrise in the Transaction Agreement. 
The Offer extends to Sunrise Shares for which the blocking period will be accelerated to termi-
nate on the first day of the Additional Acceptance Period, but it does not extend to any awards or 
entitlements granted under equity plans, which will be settled in cash. 
Please refer to Section H (
"Report of the Board of Directors of Sunrise Communications Group 
AG pursuant to Article 132 FMIA"
) for details on the treatment of awards and entitlements grant-
ed to the members of the Company's board of directors, executive leadership team, and certain 
other employees in connection with the Offer.  
15 | 35 
3. Intentions of the Offeror and Liberty Global with Respect to Sunrise 
Through the Offer, the Offeror intends to obtain full control over Sunrise and its Subsidiaries, 
with the aim of combining Sunrise's business with the Offeror's business.  
Business combination 
Through a combination of Sunrise's and the Offeror's business, the Offeror plans to create the 
leading national converged challenger in Switzerland, with an expected 2.1 million mobile post-
paid subscribers, 1.2 million broadband subscribers and 1.3 million TV subscribers. After such 
combination, the Offeror intends the combined business to continue its network roll-out including 
5G and future technologies, supporting a range of new and enhanced products and services.  
The Offeror believes that as a fully converged provider the combined business will be well posi-
tioned to compete in the Swiss market, accelerating the sale of converged fixed-mobile services 
to existing customers and new services using the best of each company's product portfolios, 
skills and networks. In addition, the Offeror expects significant synergies from a combination of 
Sunrise's and the Offeror's business. 
Board of directors of Sunrise 
The Offeror intends to replace all members of the board of directors of Sunrise upon the Settle-
ment. In the Transaction Agreement, Sunrise has agreed (i) to procure that all members of Sun-
rise's board of directors resign from their functions on the board of directors of Sunrise and the 
board of directors (or equivalent corporate body) of its Subsidiaries by the end of the Offer Peri-
od, subject to the Offeror holding more than 50% of the Sunrise Shares immediately after the 
Settlement, and with effect from the Settlement and (ii) to call a shareholders' meeting, to be 
held during the Additional Acceptance Period, and to propose to shareholders the election of 
individuals designated by Liberty Global or the Offeror to the Company's board of directors, as 
well as chairperson of the board and as members of the nomination and compensation commit-
tee (as applicable), all subject to the Offeror holding more than 50% of the Sunrise Shares im-
mediately after the Settlement and with effect as of the Settlement Date.  
Financing transactions  
In connection with the Offer, certain Subsidiaries of UPC Holding B.V., which itself is a Subsidi-
ary of Liberty Global (UPC Holding B.V., together with its Subsidiaries, the 
UPC Group
), have 
obtained term loan commitments from underwriting banks which are to be made available under 
the UPC Group's existing senior secured facilities agreement (the 
UPC SFA
) for the purpose of 
funding a portion of the consideration for the acquisition of the Sunrise Shares. At Settlement, 
Sunrise and its Subsidiaries will fall within the UPC covenant group in respect of the external 
loan and bond financing arrangements of the UPC Group. However, Sunrise and its Subsidiaries 
are not required to grant credit support to the lenders under the existing UPC SFA and bond-
holders in respect of existing bonds of the UPC Group. 
In addition, certain Subsidiaries of the UPC Group have obtained commitments from underwrit-
ing banks to provide term and revolving credit facilities for the purpose of refinancing Sunrise 
Group's existing financial indebtedness if any such financial indebtedness becomes due and 
payable following the Settlement. The Offeror expects to cause Sunrise Group companies to 
provide guarantees and|or security for such refinancing following the Settlement. Once Sunrise 
16 | 35 
has become a wholly-owned indirect Subsidiary of Liberty Global, Liberty Global intends to cre-
ate a single combined credit pool of indebtedness of the UPC Group and the Sunrise Group with 
targeted leverage of 5.0x of the combined EBITDA, including vendor financing and leases.
Squeeze-out 
If Liberty Global and|or its Subsidiaries hold more than 98% of the voting rights in Sunrise after 
the Settlement, the Offeror intends to request the cancellation of the remaining publicly held 
Sunrise Shares in accordance with article 137 of the Financial Markets Infrastructure Act (
FMIA
). 
If Liberty Global and|or its Subsidiaries hold between 90% and 98% of the voting rights in Sun-
rise after the Settlement, the Offeror intends to merge with Sunrise, or to merge Sunrise with a 
Swiss company directly or indirectly controlled by Liberty Global, in each case in accordance 
with article 8 para. 2 and article 18 para. 5 of the Swiss Merger Act, whereby the remaining pub-
lic shareholders of Sunrise would be compensated (in cash or otherwise) and not receive any 
shares in the surviving company. The Swiss tax consequences resulting from a squeeze-out 
merger may, depending on the structuring of the squeeze-out merger, be considerably worse for 
individuals who are resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who hold the Sunrise Shares as 
their private assets (
Privatvermögen
), and potentially also for foreign investors, compared with 
the tax consequences of an acceptance of the Offer (see below Section L.5 ("
Costs and Taxes; 
General Tax Consequences for Accepting and Non-Accepting Shareholders
")). 
If Liberty Global and|or its Subsidiaries hold less than 90% of the voting rights in Sunrise after 
the Settlement, Liberty Global and|or its Subsidiaries intends to, depending on the circumstanc-
es, purchase additional Sunrise Shares from remaining shareholders of Sunrise and|or combine 
the Offeror's business or other businesses of Liberty Global and|or its Subsidiaries with Sunrise 
through a contribution in kind to Sunrise of assets, businesses or shareholdings in a capital in-
crease of Sunrise with respect to which the pre-emptive rights of the remaining public share-
holders of Sunrise would be excluded and new Sunrise Shares would be issued only to the con-
tributing company. Furthermore, the Offeror may consider implementing one or several other 
transactions under the Swiss Merger Act. 
De-listing 
After the Settlement of the Offer, the Offeror intends to have Sunrise submit an application to 
SIX Exchange Regulation for the de-listing of the Sunrise Shares in accordance with the listing 
rules of SIX Exchange Regulation (the 
Listing Rules
) and for an exemption from certain disclo-
sure and publicity obligations under the Listing Rules until the date of de-listing of the Sunrise 
Shares. 
4. Agreements between the Offeror and Sunrise, its Directors, Officers and 
Shareholders 
Confidentiality Agreement 
On August 3, 2020, Liberty Global and Sunrise entered into a confidentiality agreement custom-
ary for this type of transaction (the 
Confidentiality Agreement
). Following the execution of the 
Confidentiality Agreement, Liberty Global was allowed to conduct limited due diligence relating 
to Sunrise. 
17 | 35 
The Confidentiality Agreement was terminated upon execution of the Transaction Agreement. 
Transaction Agreement 
On August 12, 2020, before opening of trading on the SIX, Liberty Global and Sunrise entered 
into the Transaction Agreement, which was unanimously approved by Sunrise's board of direc-
tors. The following is a summary of the main terms of the Transaction Agreement:  
Š Liberty Global agreed to make, or to cause an affiliate of Liberty Global to make, this Of-
fer, and Sunrise and its board of directors, respectively, agreed to unanimously support 
the Offer and to recommend to Sunrise's shareholders the acceptance of the Offer, 
among other things, by way of its recommendation contained in the board report included 
in Section H (
"Report of the Board of Directors of Sunrise Communications Group AG 
pursuant to Article 132 FMIA"
).
Š Sunrise undertook not to solicit, initiate, encourage or facilitate any transactions that may 
compete or interfere with this Offer. In addition, Sunrise undertook not to enter into nego-
tiations or provide information on Sunrise with respect to any such transactions, and not to 
support or recommend any proposal for such transaction or competing offer or withdraw 
its recommendation for this Offer, except under certain conditions (as further specified in 
the Transaction Agreement) with respect to unsolicited third party proposals or offers that 
Sunrise's board of directors has determined to be superior to this Offer. Sunrise also 
agreed to provide Liberty Global with information with respect to unsolicited third party 
proposals or offers and granted Liberty Global a matching right with regard to any superior 
third-party offer. Sunrise agreed to provide Liberty Global with information disclosed to any 
third party on terms not less favorable than those applied to the relevant third party. 
Š Sunrise undertook to pay CHF 50 million as lump sum reimbursement of costs (the 
Reim-
bursement Amount
) that Liberty Global, the Offeror and their respective representatives 
have incurred or will incur for preparing and making the Offer (i) if the Offer is not success-
ful or has not become unconditional and is no longer required to remain open, or if the 
Transaction Agreement is terminated, due to a material breach by Sunrise of the Transac-
tion Agreement (including representations and warranties) or of any legal requirements in 
connection with the Offer; or (ii) (1) if Sunrise's board of directors fails to unanimously rec-
ommend the Offer; (2) if Sunrise's board of directors or any committee thereof withdraws, 
modifies or qualifies its unanimous recommendation of the Offer; (3) if Sunrise or any oth-
er person on its behalf recommends, approves or enters into an agreement or arrange-
ment with a third party for a competing transaction (including a superior transaction); or (4) 
in each case of (1), (2) or (3), if Sunrise or Sunrise's board of directors makes an an-
nouncement to that effect; or (iii) if a competing offer has been declared successful. How-
ever, the Reimbursement Amount is not payable if the Offer is declared successful and 
settled. 
Š Sunrise agreed, subject to mandatory legal requirements, to support the Offer and to co-
operate with Liberty Global and its affiliates (including the Offeror) in relation to the execu-
tion and completion of the Offer, including with respect to the financing of the Offer and re-
financing of existing financial indebtedness of Sunrise and its Subsidiaries, obtaining any 
third-party consents, a potential squeeze-out of remaining public shareholders, de-listing 
of the Sunrise Shares from the SIX, and preparation and facilitation of the combination 
and integration of Sunrise with and into the Liberty Global Group. 
18 | 35 
Š The parties have entered into customary undertakings to pursue the satisfaction of the 
Offer Conditions. 
Š Sunrise agreed to promptly register the Offeror and|or any of its affiliates in Sunrise's 
share register as shareholders with voting rights with respect to all Sunrise Shares that the 
Offeror or any of its affiliates have acquired or may acquire in the Offer or otherwise as of 
the Settlement. 
Š Sunrise agreed to procure that all members of Sunrise's board of directors shall resign 
from their functions on the board of directors of Sunrise and the board of directors (or 
equivalent corporate body) of its Subsidiaries by the end of the Offer Period, subject to the 
Offeror holding more than 50% of the Sunrise Shares immediately after the Settlement, 
and with effect from the Settlement. 
Š Sunrise agreed to call an extraordinary shareholders' meeting, to be held during the Addi-
tional Acceptance Period, and to propose to shareholders the election of individuals des-
ignated by Liberty Global or the Offeror to Sunrise's board of directors as well as chairper-
son of Sunrise's board of directors and as members of the nomination and compensation 
committee (as applicable), all subject to the Offeror holding more than 50% of the Sunrise 
Shares immediately after the Settlement, and with effect as per the Settlement. 
Š Subject to merger control legal requirements, Sunrise agreed to operate its business in 
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and to execute, enter into or 
announce certain transactions only with the consent of Liberty Global or, if merger control 
legal requirements do not so permit, prior consultation with Liberty Global. 
Š Sunrise made certain customary representations and warranties, the accuracy of which 
has no impact on Liberty Global's obligation to complete the transactions contemplated by 
the Transaction Agreement. 
Š The Transaction Agreement may be terminated in specified circumstances, including (i) by 
either party, if the Offer has not become unconditional and the TOB no longer requires the 
Offer to remain open, (ii) by either party if the Offeror publicly declares that the Offer will 
not be further pursued or has failed or otherwise withdraws from launching, continuing or 
settling the Offer, the TOB permits the Offer not to be launched, no longer to remain open 
or not to be settled, and the party seeking to terminate is not in a relevant breach of the 
Transaction Agreement, (iii) by either party in case of an unremedied material breach of 
the Transaction Agreement (including representations and warranties) by the other party, 
(iv) by Liberty Global, if Sunrise or any person acting on behalf of Sunrise enters into an 
agreement or arrangement with any person regarding a competing transaction (including 
a superior transaction) or makes an announcement to that effect, (v) by Liberty Global if a 
competing offer has an acceptance rate of more than 10% of the Sunrise Shares, (vi) by 
Liberty Global if Sunrise's board of directors or a committee thereof (1) fails to unanimous-
ly recommend the Offer to the shareholders of Sunrise, or (2) withdraws, modifies or quali-
fies its unanimous recommendation of the Offer or makes an announcement to that effect, 
or (3) approves or recommends a competing transaction (including a superior transaction) 
or makes an announcement to that effect, or (vii) by Sunrise if (1) its board of directors 
withdraws, modifies or qualifies its recommendation of the Offer as permitted by the 
Transaction Agreement, (2) the Offeror has the right to withdraw the Offer, (3) Sunrise 
19 | 35 
concurrently with such termination enters into an agreement for a superior transaction and 
(4) Sunrise concurrently pays Liberty Global the Reimbursement Amount. 
Business Relationships 
The Offeror and a member of the Sunrise Group are parties to a mobile virtual network operator 
agreement (the 
MVNO Agreement
) effective as of September 10, 2019, which entitles the Offe-
ror to receive certain mobile network services provided by Sunrise to enable the Offeror to offer 
mobile communication services to its customers. Currently, the Offeror does not use any ser-
vices by Sunrise under the MVNO Agreement. 
The Offeror and a member of the Sunrise Group are parties to a framework agreement effective 
as of May 31, 2012 with an unlimited term as well as various individual agreements for various 
durations for the mutual shared use of cable ducts and other pipe systems. 
The Offeror and a member of the Sunrise Group are parties to a framework agreement effective 
as of January 6, 2003 with an unlimited term, supplemented by numerous individual agreements 
for various durations, relating to dark fiber in which the parties agreed to the mutual shared use 
of fiber optic lines.  
The Offeror and a member of the Sunrise Group are parties to an interconnect agreement which 
was originally entered into in August 2006 under which the parties define the conditions and 
prices with regard to the interconnection of their networks on a regular basis. In addition, the 
Offeror and a member of the Sunrise Group are parties to an SMS inter-working agreement to 
define interconnection for text message services between their mobile networks. 
No Other Agreements 
Except for the agreements summarized in Section A ("
Background of the Offer
") and this Sec-
tion E.4 ("
Agreements between the Offeror and Sunrise, its Directors, Officers and Sharehold-
ers
"), no agreements in relation to the Offer exist or will exist at the Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, between the applicable members of the Liberty Global Group on the one hand, and 
Sunrise, its Subsidiaries and their directors, officers and shareholders on the other hand. 
5. Confidential Information 
The Offeror confirms that neither Liberty Global nor any other company or person under Liberty 
Global's control has received, directly or indirectly, from Sunrise or any of its Subsidiaries, any 
information regarding Sunrise which is not or does not become public at the time of the publica-
tion of this Offer Prospectus and which could significantly influence the decision of the recipients 
of the Offer.
F. Publication 
This Offer Prospectus as well as all other statutory publications of the Offeror in connection with 
the Offer will be published on www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch and submitted in electronic 
form to the major Swiss media, the major news agencies active in Switzerland, the major elec-
tronic media which distribute stock exchange information and the TOB. The Offer Prospectus will 
be published on August 27, 2020 before opening of trading on the SIX.  
20 | 35 
This Offer Prospectus may be obtained without delay and free of charge in German, French and 
English from Credit Suisse AG, Zurich (e-mail: equity.prospectus@credit-suisse.com). 
G. Report of the Review Body Pursuant to Article 128 FMIA  
As a review body recognized according to the FMIA to review public takeover offers, we have 
reviewed the offer prospectus of UPC Switzerland LLC (the "Offeror"). The report of the board of 
directors of the target company and the Fairness Opinion of ValueTrust Financial Advisors SE
were not subject to our review.  
The preparation of the offer prospectus is the responsibility of the Offeror. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on the offer prospectus based on our review. We confirm that we comply with 
the independence requirements provided by takeover law and there are no circumstances in-
compatible with our independence. 
Our review was conducted in accordance with the Swiss Auditing Standard on the examination 
of Public Takeover Offers (AS 880), which requires that a review pursuant to article 128 FMIA be 
planned and performed to verify the formal completeness of the offer prospectus pursuant to the 
FMIA and its ordinances and to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the offer prospectus 
is free from any material misstatements in consequence of violations or errors. It has to be noted 
that ciphers 4 to 7 below cannot be verified with the same assurance as ciphers 1 to 3. We have 
reviewed the information in the offer prospectus by means of analyses and ascertainments on a 
test basis. Furthermore, we have verified the compliance with the FMIA and its ordinances. We 
believe that our review provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
In our opinion: 
1. the Offeror has taken the necessary measures in order for the required funds to be avail-
able on the settlement date; 
2. the provisions governing change of control offers, in particular those governing the mini-
mum price, have been observed; 
3. the Best Price Rule has been observed until the publication of the offer prospectus. 
Moreover, we have not encountered any facts from which we had to infer that: 
4. the recipients of the offer are not treated equally; 
5. the offer prospectus is not complete and accurate; 
6. the offer prospectus is not in accordance with the FMIA and its ordinances; 
7. the provisions regarding the effects of the pre-announcement have not been observed. 
This report is neither a recommendation for the acceptance or rejection of the offer nor a 
confirmation (Fairness Opinion) regarding 
the
 financial appropriateness of the offer price. 
21 | 35 
Zurich, 25 August 2020 
BDO Ltd 
Edgar Wohlhauser 
Partner 
Marcel Jans 
Partner 
H. Report of the Board of Directors of Sunrise Communications Group 
AG pursuant to Article 132 FMIA  
The board of directors (the «
Board of Directors
») of Sunrise Communications Group AG, with 
registered seat in Opfikon, Switzerland («
Sunrise
» or the «
Company
»), hereby takes its posi-
tion pursuant to Article 132 FMIA and Articles 30-34 of the Takeover Ordinance on the public 
tender offer (the «
Offer
») by UPC Schweiz GmbH, with registered seat in Wallisellen, Switzer-
land (the «
Offeror
»), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Liberty Global plc, having its regis-
tered seat in London, United Kingdom («
Liberty Global
»), for all publicly held registered shares 
of the Company with a nominal value of CHF 1 each (each share a «
Sunrise Share
»). 
1. Recommendation 
Based on an in-depth review of the Offer and taking into account the fairness opinion of Val-
ueTrust Financial Advisors SE (see Section I below) which forms an integral part of this report, 
the Board of Directors has unanimously resolved (with participation of all members) to recom-
mend to the shareholders of Sunrise the acceptance of the Offer. 
2. Rationale 
a) Appropriateness of the Offer Price 
The price offered by the Offeror in the Offer is CHF 110 net for each Sunrise Share (the «
Offer 
Price
»). The Offer Price represents a premium of 28% compared to the closing price of the Sun-
rise Shares on August 11, 2020, the last trading day before the date of the pre-announcement of 
CHF 86.20 per Sunrise Share, and a premium of 32% compared to the volume-weighted aver-
age price of all on-exchange transactions during the last 60 trading days prior to the publication 
of the pre-announcement on August 12, 2020 of CHF 83.17 per Sunrise Share.  
The Board of Directors has mandated ValueTrust Financial Advisors SE to render a fairness 
opinion in order to assess the fairness of the Offer Price from a financial perspective. In its  
fairness opinion dated August 26, 2020, ValueTrust Advisors SE determined a valuation range 
of CHF 83.84 to CHF 109.64 based on various valuation methods customary in the market  
and concluded that the Offer Price of CHF 110 net per Sunrise Share in cash is fair and  
appropriate from a financial perspective, subject to the assumptions made in its fairness opinion. 
The fairness opinion can be ordered in German, French and English at no cost at Sunrise  
(e-mail: investor.relations@sunrise.net; phone: +41 58 777 96 86) or downloaded under 
https://www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch/. 
22 | 35 
Based on these considerations and the result of the fairness opinion, the Board of Directors con-
siders the Offer Price to be fair. 
b) Business Rationale 
The combination of the Offeror and Sunrise is expected to create a fully converged nationwide 
challenger on the Swiss telecommunications market, who is active across all elements of the 4 
play bundled product, including fiber, cable, TV and mobile. The combined company will have 
the scale to drive innovation, invest in new services and pursue growth by providing innovative 
and competitively priced offers. The combined company should also be better positioned to drive 
competition with direct benefits for the Swiss economy and consumers. 
The combined business will be well positioned to continue its next generation network roll-outs, 
including 5G and future technologies, offering up to 1Gbps speeds to up to 90% of Swiss 
households by 2021, with a clear roadmap to enable up to 10Gbps over time. The Offeror's next 
generation fixed network with its extensive fibre backbone will further strengthen Sunrise's lead-
ership position in 4G and 5G. 
Based on the considerations summarized above, the Board of Directors considers the Offer to 
be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 
c) Squeeze-Out and Delisting 
In the event that the Offeror holds more than 98% of the voting rights in Sunrise after the settle-
ment of the Offer, the Offeror can request the cancellation of the remaining Sunrise Shares 
against payment of the Offer Price in accordance with Article 137 FMIA. 
In the event the Offeror holds between 90% and 98% of the voting rights in Sunrise after the 
settlement, the Offeror intends to merge the Company into the Offeror or into a company directly 
or indirectly controlled by Liberty Global pursuant to Article 8 para. 2 of the Swiss Merger Act by 
way of a cash-out merger and to compensate the remaining minority shareholders of Sunrise in 
cash or otherwise, but not with shares of the surviving company. The Swiss tax consequences of 
such a squeeze-out by way of a cash-out merger may, depending on the structuring of such 
merger, be considerably worse than the tax consequences of tendering the Sunrise Shares into 
the Offer. The Swiss tax consequences are described in detail under Section L.5 of the Offer 
Prospectus. 
After the Settlement of the Offer, the Offeror is expected to cause Sunrise to apply for delisting 
of the Sunrise Shares from the SIX Swiss Exchange and for an exemption from certain disclo-
sure and publicity obligations under the Listing Rules until the date of de-listing of the Sunrise 
Shares.  
d) Conclusion 
Based on the considerations summarized above, the Board of Directors unanimously recom-
mends to its shareholders that they tender their Sunrise Shares in the Offer. 
23 | 35 
3. Contractual Arrangements between the Offeror and Sunrise 
On August 12, 2020, Sunrise and Liberty Global entered into a transaction agreement with re-
spect to the Offer pursuant to which Liberty Global undertook to submit, either directly or through 
one of its subsidiaries, a public tender offer. The transaction agreement essentially governs the 
terms of the Offer and the respective rights and obligations of Sunrise and Liberty Global and the 
Offeror in relation to the Offer. In particular, the transaction agreement sets forth the Offer Price 
to be offered by the Offeror. In return, Sunrise undertook to support the Offer and to recommend 
to its shareholders to tender their Sunrise Shares into the Offer. In addition, Sunrise has under-
taken to pay a lump sum in the amount of CHF 50 million to the Offeror in case the Offer is un-
successful due to certain events, including a competing offer. A summary of the main terms of 
the transaction agreement is contained in the Offer Prospectus in Section E.4. The other existing 
agreements between Liberty Global and Sunrise or their respective Subsidiaries are described in 
the Offer Prospectus in Section E.4. 
4. Potential Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Leadership Team  
a) Members of the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is composed of the following members: 
Thomas Daniel Meyer, Chairman; 
Michael Krammer, Vice-Chairman; 
Ingo Arnold; 
Ingrid Deltenre; 
Thomas Karlovits; 
Sonja Stirnimann; 
Christoph Vilanek; and 
Henriette Ohland Wendt. 
In the transaction agreement, the Board of Directors undertook to unanimously support the Offer 
and to recommend its acceptance. Subject to the conditions set forth in the transaction agree-
ment, all members of the Board of Directors will resign from office as of the settlement date of 
the Offer, and the Board of Directors will propose to an extraordinary shareholders' meeting of 
Sunrise to elect the persons nominated by Liberty Global or the Offeror to the Board of Directors 
as of the settlement date of the Offer.  
In separate tender undertakings entered into between publication of the Pre-Announcement and 
publication of the Offer Prospectus, Michael Krammer and Christoph Vilanek have agreed to-
wards Liberty Global to tender the total number of 2,091 unblocked Sunrise Shares held by them 
into the Offer.
Christoph Vilanek and Ingo Arnold sit in the Board of Directors as representatives of freenet AG, 
a stock corporation organized under the laws of Germany with registered office in Büdelsdorf, 
24 | 35 
Germany («
Freenet
»), the largest shareholder of Sunrise. On August 12, 2020, Freenet entered 
into a tender undertaking with Liberty Global in which Freenet agreed to accept the Offer with 
regard to 11,051,578 Sunrise Shares and to tender all 11,051,578 Sunrise Shares into the Offer. 
Subject to the foregoing, no member of the Board of Directors has entered into a contractual or 
other arrangement with the Offeror or a person acting in concert with the Offeror (except for Sun-
rise and its subsidiaries), no member of the Board of Directors has been elected at the request 
of the Offeror or a person acting in concert with the Offeror (except for Sunrise and its subsidiar-
ies), no member of the Board of Directors will be re-elected by the Offeror or a person acting in 
concert with the Offeror (except for Sunrise and its subsidiaries), and no member of the Board of 
Directors exercises its mandate pursuant to the instructions of the Offeror or a person acting in 
concert with the Offeror. In addition, the members of the Board of Directors are neither corporate 
bodies or employees of the Offeror or a person acting in concert with the Offeror (except for 
Sunrise and its subsidiaries), nor do they act as corporate bodies or employees of a company 
which has significant business relationship with the Offeror or a person acting in concert with the 
Offeror (except for Sunrise and its subsidiaries). 
b) Members of the Executive Leadership Team 
The executive leadership team (the «
Executive Leadership Team
») of Sunrise is composed of 
the following members: 
André Krause, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Consumer Officer a.i.; 
Uwe Schiller, Chief Financial Officer; 
Françoise Clemes, Chief Services Officer; 
Robert Wigger, Chief Business Officer; 
Giuseppe Bonina, Chief YOL Officer; 
Elmar Grasser, Chief Technology Officer; 
Marcel Heinz Huber, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel; and 
Tobias Foster, Chief Human Resources Officer. 
As of September 1, 2020, Christoph Richartz will join the Executive Leadership Team of Sunrise. 
In separate tender undertakings entered into between publication of the Pre-Announcement and 
publication of the Offer Prospectus, all members of the Executive Leadership Team mentioned 
above have agreed towards Liberty Global to tender the total number of 48'893 unblocked Sun-
rise Shares held by them into the Offer.
In order to enable the members of the Executive Leadership Team to tender all their Sunrise 
Shares into the Offer, the Board of Directors has resolved, for the event that the Offer is suc-
cessful and more than 50% of the Sunrise Shares are tendered into the Offer during the offer 
period, to remove the obligation to hold a minimum number of Sunrise Shares contained in the 
employment agreements of the members of the Executive Leadership Team. Apart from that, the 
Offer has no effect on the existing employment agreements. 
25 | 35 
Other than the above-mentioned tender undertakings, no member of the Executive Leadership 
Team has entered into a contractual or other arrangement with the Offeror or a person acting in 
concert with the Offeror (except for Sunrise and its subsidiaries) and, currently, there is no inten-
tion to enter into such agreements. The members of the Executive Leadership Team are neither 
corporate bodies or employees of the Offeror or a person acting in concert with the Offeror (ex-
cept for Sunrise and its subsidiaries), nor do they act as corporate bodies or employees of a 
company which has significant business relationships with the Offeror or a person acting in con-
cert with the Offeror (except for Sunrise and its subsidiaries). 
5. Financial Consequences of the Offer for the Members of the Board of Directors and 
the Executive Leadership Team  
a) Financial Consequences for the Members of the Board of Directors 
In the past terms of office, half of the annual compensation of each member and one-third of the 
annual compensation of the chairman of the Board of Directors was paid in the form of Sunrise 
Shares. The corresponding Shares are blocked for a period of three years from the date of allo-
cation. In the event that the Offer is successful and more than 50% of the Sunrise Shares are 
tendered to the Offeror during the offer period, the Board of Directors has resolved to release all 
blocked Sunrise Shares and to tender them into the Offer during the additional acceptance peri-
od on behalf and on the account of the members of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the 
Board of Directors has resolved to pay the compensation of its members for the current term of 
office (i.e. from the Annual General Meeting 2020 until the end of the mandate), to the extent not 
yet paid, on a pro rata basis entirely in cash. 
At the time of drafting this report, the members of the Board of Directors hold the following num-
ber of Sunrise Shares: 
Unblocked Shares 
Blocked Shares 
Total 
Thomas D. Meyer 
0 
1,286 
1,286 
Michael Krammer 
658 
1,959 
2,617 
Ingo Arnold 
0 
1,331 
1,331 
Ingrid Deltenre 
0 
1,959 
1,959 
Thomas Karlovits 
0 
643 
643 
Sonja Stirnimann 
0 
643 
643 
Christoph Vilanek 
1,433 
1,959 
3,392 
Henriette Ohland Wendt 
0 
643 
643 
Total 
2,091 
10,423 
12,514 
Other than in their capacity as Sunrise shareholders and the fixed compensation which, to the 
extent not yet paid, will be paid entirely in cash on a pro rata basis until the termination of their 
mandate the Offer has no financial impact on the members of the Board of Directors. 
26 | 35 
b) Compensation of the Members of the Executive Leadership Team and Employee 
Participation Plans 
In addition to their fixed salary, the members of the Executive Leadership Team are paid a vari-
able compensation based on the Short Term Plan, which depends on the achievement of the 
annually defined EBITDA and gross profit targets. In addition, Sunrise has various share-based 
employee participation plans outstanding which grant the members of the Executive Leadership 
Team the right to purchase or obtain Sunrise Shares: 
Variable Compensation (Short Term Plan) 
In light of the Offer, the Board of Directors has resolved, subject to certain conditions, to deter-
mine the variable compensation of the members of the Executive Leadership Team under the 
Short Term Plan as at the settlement date of the Offer and to pay it pro rata (i.e. for the period 
between January 1, 2020 and the settlement date). Further, the Board of Directors has resolved 
to terminate the Short Term Plan upon settlement of the Offer. The Board of Directors will de-
termined the achievement of the targets based on the actual performance of the Company as at 
the settlement date, linearly extrapolated to December 31, 2020, pursuant to the Short Term 
Plan. 
Performance Share Unit Plan 
Pursuant to the Performance Share Unit Plan dated January 13, 2020 (the «
PSUP»
), each 
member of the Executive Leadership Team as well as other Sunrise employees receive Perfor-
mance Share Units (the «
PSU»
) in the amount of 20-55% of the annual fixed salary each year. 
According to the PSUP, the PSU entitle the holders to receive free of charge, after a three-year 
vesting period, a certain number of unblocked Sunrise Shares, the number of which will be de-
termined according to the achievement of targets and can range between 0% and 200% of the 
number of the allocated PSU. In addition, at the end of the vesting period, the participants of the 
PSUP are entitled to a cash amount per PSU or, if the number of allocated Sunrise Shares is 
lower, per allocated Sunrise Share, which corresponds to the sum of the dividends paid out to 
Sunrise's other shareholders during the vesting period (so-called dividend equivalent). At the 
time of publication of this report, an aggregate of 55'920 PSU have been allocated which entitle 
the shareholders to receive a minimum of 0 and a maximum of 111'840 Sunrise Shares after 
expiration of the vesting period. 
In light of the Offer, the Board of Directors has resolved, in accordance with the provisions of the 
PSUP and subject to inter alia (i) the Offer not being terminated and (ii) the tendering of more 
than 50% of all the Sunrise Shares in the Offer during the main offer period, to amend the plan 
as follows: the respective vesting periods of all outstanding PSU will be accelerated to expire on 
the last trading day prior to the settlement date of the Offer, and the right of the participants to 
receive Sunrise Shares in kind will be converted into the right to receive cash payment corre-
sponding the Offer Price per Sunrise Share. The relevant amount, together with the dividend 
equivalent provided for in the plan as accrued up to the settlement date, will be paid out to the 
plan participants on the settlement date of the Offer. In addition, the Board of Directors has de-
termined the achievement of the targets based on the actual performance of the Company as at 
June 30, 2020, extrapolated to the expiration of the vesting periods provided for in the PSUP. As 
a result, the Board of Directors has resolved to base the conversion of the PSU on the maximum 
target achievement provided for in the PSUP (i.e. 200%). 
27 | 35 
Management Long Term Investment Programme Œ Revised 
Pursuant to the Management Long Term Investment Programme Œ Revised dated March 1, 
2017 (the «
MLTIP»
), each member of the Executive Leadership Team as well as other Sunrise 
employees have the possibility to receive part of the annual variable compensation in the form of 
Sunrise Shares (so-called 
investment shares
), which are blocked for a period of three years. In 
accordance with the provisions of the MLTIP, the members of the Executive Leadership Team 
were additionally allocated an award for performance share for each blocked investment share. 
According to MLTIP, each such award for performance share entitles the members of the Execu-
tive Leadership Team to receive 0 to 1.2 Sunrise Shares free of charge after a three-year vest-
ing period, depending on the extent to which the targets have been achieved. Plan participants 
who were not members of the Executive Leadership Team at the time of subscription to the in-
vestment shares were granted an award for matching share for each blocked investment share, 
entitling them to receive one Sunrise Share free of charge after a three-year vesting period. 
At the time of publication of this report, a total of 9'279 awards for performance shares are allo-
cated to the members of the Executive Leadership Team. After the expiration of the vesting pe-
riod, these awards for performance shares entitle the beneficiaries to receive a minimum of 0 
and a maximum of 11'136 Performance Shares, depending on the achievement of the targets 
set for this period. In addition, at the end of the vesting period, the participants of the MLTIP are 
entitled to a dividend equivalent per allocated Sunrise Share. Giuseppe Bonina, Tobias Foster 
and Uwe Schiller were not members of the Executive Leadership Team at the time of allocation 
of the investment shares in accordance with the MLTIP. Accordingly, they have been allocated 
one award for matching share for each blocked Sunrise Share and do not hold awards for per-
formance shares.  
In light of Offer, the Board of Directors has resolved, in accordance with the provisions of the 
MLTIP and, subject to inter alia (i) the Offer not being terminated and (ii) the tendering of more 
than 50% of all the Sunrise Shares in the Offer during the main offer period, to amend the plan 
as follows: all blocked investment shares will be released (if still subject to a blocking period) and 
will be tendered into the Offer on behalf and on the account of the respective beneficiaries dur-
ing the additional acceptance period. Subject to and on the same conditions, the respective vest-
ing periods of all outstanding awards for performance shares and awards for matching shares 
will be accelerated or set to expire on the trading day prior to the settlement date of the Offer 
and the right of the participants to receive Sunrise Shares in kind will be converted into the right 
to receive cash payment corresponding the Offer Price per Sunrise Share. The relevant amount, 
together with the dividend equivalent provided for in the plan as accrued up to the settlement 
date, will be paid out to the plan participants on the settlement date of the Offer. In addition, with 
regard to the awards for performance shares the Board of Directors has determined the 
achievement of the targets based on the actual performance of the Company as at June 30, 
2020, extrapolated to the end of the vesting periods provided for in the MLTIP. As a result, the 
Board of Directors resolved to allocate 0.9398 Sunrise Shares per Award for Performance Share 
granted in 2017 and 0.83 Sunrise Shares per Award for Performance Share granted in 2018.  
At the time of drafting this report, the members of the Executive Leadership Team hold the fol-
lowing number of Sunrise Shares and the following entitlements resulting from the above-
mentioned plan adjustments: 
28 | 35 
Unblocked 
Shares 
Blocked 
Shares 
(Investment 
Shares) 
Shares allocated due to the 
Offer and converted into a right 
to receive cash payment 
from 
MLTIP 
2017 
From 
MLTIP 
2018 
from 
PSUP 
Dividend 
Equivalents 
(in CHF) 
André Krause 
5,383 
1,925 
0 
1,598 
20,742 
76,011 
Uwe Schiller 
4,132 
529 
0 
529 
5,296 
18,754 
Françoise Clemes 
14,581 
1,279 
0 
1,062 
7,878 
39,012 
Robert Wigger 
8,207 
1,108 
760 
249 
6,304 
33,222 
Giuseppe Bonina 
2,082 
461 
0 
461 
5,170 
22,370 
Elmar Grasser 
4,560 
1,585 
0 
1,316 
8,402 
38,651 
Marcel Heinz Huber 
3,000 
0 
0 
0 
6,304 
20,509 
Tobias Foster 
4,948 
300 
0 
300 
4,728 
19,163 
Christoph Richartz
11,800 
824 
0 
502 
2,222 
13,519 
Total 
48,893 
8,011 
760 
6,017 
67,046 
281,211 
Other than in their capacity as Sunrise shareholders and the consequences described above 
resulting from the adjustment of the Short Term Incentive Plan, the PSUP and MLTIP, the Offer 
has no financial impact on the members of the Executive Leadership Team. 
c) Compensation and Benefits 
Apart from the compensation described above, the members of the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Leadership Team will not receive any additional compensation or benefits in connec-
tion with the Offer. 
6. Intentions of Qualified Shareholders of Sunrise 
To the knowledge of the Board of Directors, the following shareholders hold, on the publication 
date of this report, a participation of 3% or more of the Sunrise Shares: 
1  Entry into the Executive Leadership Team of Sunrise as of September 1, 2020. 
29 | 35 
Shareholder 
Number of Sunrise Shares 
Percentage 
freenet AG 
11,051,578 
24.42% 
PSquared Master SICAV Ltd 
1,928,344 
4.26% 
BlackRock, Inc. 
1,662,631
23.68% 
Credit Suisse Funds AG 
1,389,813 
3.08% 
Norges Bank (the Central Bank of Norway) 
1,364,086 
3.01% 
Freenet has entered into a tender undertaking with Liberty Global in which Freenet has agreed 
to tender its Sunrise Shares into the Offer (see Section 4.a of this report). 
The Board of Directors does not know the intentions of PSquared Master SICAV Ltd, BlackRock 
Inc., Credit Suisse Funds AG and Norges Bank in respect to the Offer. 
7. Defensive Measures pursuant to Article 132 para. 2 FMIA 
The Board of Directors has not taken any defensive measures against the Offer and has no in-
tention of taking any defensive measures in the future or proposing to an ordinary or extraordi-
nary shareholders' meeting to take any such measures.  
8. Financial Reporting; Information on Material Changes in the Assets, Financial 
Position, Results of Operations and Business Prospects 
The consolidated financial statements of Sunrise as of December 31, 2019, as well as the  
consolidated interim financial statements as of June 30, 2020, can be consulted on Sunrise's 
website at https://www.sunrise.ch/en/corporate-communications/investor-relations.html. The 
annual and semi-annual reports can be quickly ordered at no cost at Sunrise (e-mail:  
investor.relations@sunrise.net; phone: +41 58 777 96 86). 
Except for the transaction underlying this report and to the extent disclosed prior to or on the 
date of this report (including in this report), the Board of Directors is not aware of any material 
changes in the assets, the financial position, the results of operations or the business prospects 
of Sunrise since July 1, 2020, that could influence the decision of the shareholders of Sunrise 
regarding the Offer. 
Zurich, August 27, 2020 
For the Board of Directors of Sunrise 
Thomas D. Meyer 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
2   183,659 of the mentioned voting rights, corresponding to 0.41% of the voting rights, have been delegated by a third 
party and can be exercised at one's own discretion; in addition, BlackRock, Inc. holds contracts for difference regard-
ing a total of 870,507 Sunrise Shares, corresponding to 1.93% of the voting rights. 
30 | 35 
I. Fairness Opinion 
The fairness opinion prepared by ValueTrust Financial Advisors SE for the attention of the Board 
of Directors, in which the Offer is confirmed with regard to all relevant aspects as fair  
and appropriate from a financial perspective, can be ordered at no cost at Sunrise (e-mail:  
investor.relations@sunrise.net; phone: +41 58 777 96 86) or downloaded under 
www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch.
J. Decision of the Swiss Takeover Board  
On August 26, 2020, the TOB issued the following decision (
Verfügung
) (unofficial translation 
from the German original): 
1. The public tender offer by UPC Schweiz GmbH to the shareholders of Sunrise Communi-
cations Group AG complies with the statutory provisions on public tender offers.  
2. It is declared that the intended treatment of the Equity Awards, the blocked shares and the 
bonuses of the employees and members of the board of directors of Sunrise Communica-
tions Group AG in connection with the public tender offer by UPC Schweiz GmbH does 
not violate the principle of equal treatment and, in particular, the Best Price Rule (arti-
cle 10 para. 1 Takeover Ordinance) or trigger the latter.  
3. UPC Schweiz GmbH is granted an exception such that the disclosure pursuant to arti-
cle 19 para. 1(b) Takeover Ordinance can be limited to the information disclosed on Liber-
ty Global plc pursuant to the applicable US securities law. In particular, the shareholdings 
in Liberty Global plc have to be disclosed only if they exceed 5% of the voting rights.  
4. freenet AG is granted party status as of the date of publication of this decision. 
5. This decision will be published on the website of the Swiss Takeover Board on the day of 
the publication of the offer prospectus. 
6. The fee chargeable to UPC Schweiz GmbH is CHF 250,000. 
K. Rights of Shareholders of Sunrise 
1. Request for Party Status (Article 57 Takeover Ordinance) 
Shareholders of Sunrise who have been holding at least 3% of the voting rights of Sunrise, 
whether exercisable or not (a 
Qualified Participation
), since August 12, 2020 (each a 
Qualified 
Shareholder
), will be granted party status if they file a respective request with the TOB. The 
request of a Qualified Shareholder must be received by the TOB (Stockerstrasse 54, 8002 Zur-
ich; fax: +41 44 283 17 40) within five (5) Trading Days from the date of publication of the deci-
sion of the TOB (see above Section J ("
Decision of the Swiss Takeover Board
")). The first Trad-
ing Day after the publication of the decision of the TOB on the TOB's website will be the first day 
of the filing period. Concurrently with the request, the applicant has to furnish proof of their 
Qualified Participation. The TOB may request proof of the Qualified Shareholder's continued 
Qualified Participation at any time. The party status of a Qualified Shareholder will be upheld in 
relation to any further decisions issued by the TOB in connection with the Offer, provided that 
the Qualified Shareholder continues to hold a Qualified Participation. 
31 | 35 
2. Objection (Article 58 Takeover Ordinance) 
A Qualified Shareholder may file an objection against the TOB's decision in respect of the Offer 
(see above Section J ("
Decision of the Swiss Takeover Board
")). The objection must be filed with 
the TOB (Stockerstrasse 54, 8002 Zurich; fax: +41 44 283 17 40) within five (5) Trading Days 
from the date of publication of the decision of the TOB. The first Trading Day after the publica-
tion of the decision of the TOB on the TOB's website will be the first day of the filing period. The 
objection must contain a motion, summary reasons and proof of the Qualified Participation as 
from August 12, 2020. 
L. Implementation of the Offer 
1. Information | Registration 
Sunrise shareholders will be informed of the procedure for accepting the Offer by their broker or 
custodian bank, and will have to act in accordance with such instructions. 
2. Offer Manager  
The Offeror has mandated Credit Suisse AG, Zurich, with the execution of the Offer. Credit 
Suisse AG also acts as the tender agent for the Offer. 
3. Tendered Sunrise Shares 
Tendered Sunrise Shares will be booked to the separate Swiss securities number 56 563 066 
(ISIN: CH0565630669; ticker symbol SRCGE). The Offer Manager will apply on behalf of the 
Company for the opening of a second trading line for the tendered Sunrise Shares as of Sep-
tember 11, 2020. It is expected that the trading on the second trading line will be terminated 
upon the expiration of the Additional Acceptance Period or, in the event of a Postponement in 
accordance with Section B.7 ("
Offer Conditions
"), at the end of the third (3
rd
) Trading Day prior to 
the Settlement Date. 
4. Payment of the Offer Price; Settlement Date 
The Offer Price for the Sunrise Shares which will have been validly tendered during the Offer 
Period and the Additional Acceptance Period is expected to be paid on the Settlement Date, 
being November 5, 2020, according to the indicative timetable set forth in Section 0 
(" 
Indicative 
Timetable
"). In the event of an extension of the Cooling-off Period by the TOB, an 
extension of the Offer Period pursuant to Section B.5 ("
Offer Period
") or a Postponement of the 
Settlement in accordance with Section B.7 ("
Offer Conditions
"), the Settlement will be deferred 
accordingly, in particular if merger control and other approvals (see Offer Condition (b) ("
Merger 
Control and Other Approvals
")) are outstanding or waiting periods have not yet lapsed by the 
end of the Additional Acceptance Period. 
32 | 35 
5. Costs and Taxes; General Tax Consequences for Accepting and Non-Accepting 
Shareholders 
Costs and Taxes 
During the (possibly extended) Offer Period and the Additional Acceptance Period, Sunrise 
Shares deposited with banks in Switzerland may be tendered free of costs and fiscal charges. 
Any Swiss transfer stamp duty as well as stock exchange fees, if applicable, imposed on the 
sale will be borne by the Offeror. 
Tax Consequences for Shareholders who tender their Sunrise Shares into the Offer 
No Swiss withholding tax will be levied on the sale of Sunrise
Shares pursuant to this Offer.
The following Swiss individual and corporate income tax consequences will likely result for Sun-
rise shareholders who are resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and tender their Sunrise 
Shares into the Offer: 
Š Pursuant to general principles of Swiss income taxation, shareholders holding their Sun-
rise Shares as private assets (
Privatvermögen
) and who tender their Sunrise Shares into 
the Offer realize either a tax-free private capital gain or suffer a non-tax-deductible capital 
loss, unless the shareholder classifies as a professional securities dealer (
gewerbsmässi-
ger Wertschriftenhändler
). 
Š Shareholders holding their Sunrise Shares as business assets (
Geschäftsvermögen
), for 
example by classifying as a professional securities dealer (
gewerbsmässiger Wertschrift-
enhändler
), who tender their Sunrise Shares into the Offer realize either a taxable capital 
gain or a tax-deductible capital loss depending on the relevant income tax value of their 
Sunrise Shares pursuant to general principles of Swiss individual and corporate income 
taxation. 
Shareholders who are not tax residents of Switzerland are not subject to Swiss individual and 
corporate income taxes, except if their Sunrise
Shares are attributed to a permanent establish-
ment (
Betriebsstätte
) or a fixed place of business in Switzerland. 
Tax Consequences for Shareholders who do not tender their Sunrise Shares into the Of-
fer 
Scenario 1: Liberty Global or one or several of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries hold more than 
98% of the voting rights in Sunrise
after the Settlement
If Liberty Global or one or several of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries hold more than 98% of the 
voting rights in Sunrise
after the Settlement, the Offeror intends to request the cancellation of the 
outstanding publicly held Sunrise Shares in accordance with article 137 FMIA. In such a case, 
the Swiss tax consequences for the holders of Sunrise Shares will be the same as if they had 
tendered their Sunrise
Shares into the Offer (see above). 
Scenario 2: Liberty Global or one or several of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries hold between 
90% and 98% of the voting rights in Sunrise
after the Settlement 
33 | 35 
If Liberty Global or one or several of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries hold between 90% and 
98% of the voting rights in Sunrise
after the Settlement, the Offeror intends to merge with Sun-
rise, or to merge Sunrise
with a Swiss company directly or indirectly controlled by Liberty Global, 
in each case in accordance with article 8 para. 2 and article 18 para. 5 of the Swiss Merger Act, 
whereby the remaining minority shareholders would be compensated (in cash or otherwise) and 
not receive any shares in the surviving company.  
The consideration paid to remaining Sunrise minority shareholders (irrespective of their tax resi-
dence) in the squeeze-out merger may, depending on the structuring of the squeeze-out merger, 
be subject to Swiss withholding tax of 35% on the difference between (i) the amount of the con-
sideration and (ii) the sum of the nominal value of the Sunrise
Shares concerned and of the pro-
portionate part of Sunrise's reserves from capital contributions (
Reserven aus Kapitaleinlagen
) 
attributable to the respective Sunrise Shares. Upon request, the Swiss withholding tax, if any, 
will generally be refunded to shareholders of Sunrise who have their tax residence in Switzer-
land, provided that such shareholders duly declare the consideration in the tax return or, in the 
case of legal entities, in the profit and loss statement. Sunrise shareholders who are not tax res-
idents of Switzerland may be entitled to a full or partial refund of the Swiss withholding tax if the 
country of residence for tax purposes has entered into a bilateral treaty for the avoidance of 
double taxation with Switzerland and the conditions of such treaty are met. 
Furthermore, the following Swiss individual and corporate income tax consequences may result 
for Sunrise shareholders who are resident in Switzerland for tax purposes depending on the 
structure of the squeeze-out merger: 
Š Shareholders holding their Sunrise Shares as private assets (
Privatvermögen
) may realize 
a taxable income on the difference between (i) the amount of the consideration and (ii) the 
sum of the nominal value of the Sunrise Shares concerned and of the proportionate part 
of Sunrise's reserves from capital contributions (
Reserven aus Kapitaleinlagen
) attributa-
ble to the respective Sunrise Shares. 
Š Shareholders holding their Sunrise Shares as business assets (
Geschäftsvermögen
), for 
example by classifying as professional securities dealer (
gewerbsmässiger Wertschrift-
enhändler
), may face the same tax consequences as if they tender their Sunrise Shares 
into the Offer (see above). 
Shareholders who are not tax residents of Switzerland are not subject to Swiss individual or 
corporate income taxes, except if their Sunrise
Shares are attributed to a permanent establish-
ment (
Betriebsstätte
) or a fixed place of business in Switzerland. 
General Remark 
All shareholders of Sunrise
and beneficial owners of Sunrise
Shares are expressly advised to 
consult their own tax advisors with respect to the Swiss and foreign tax consequences of the 
Offer and its acceptance or non-acceptance, respectively. 
6. Squeeze-out and De-listing  
After the Settlement, as set out in Section E.3 (
"Intentions of the Offeror and Liberty Global with 
Respect to Sunrise"
), the Offeror intends to request the cancellation of the outstanding publicly 
held Sunrise Shares, or to merge with Sunrise, or merge Sunrise with a Swiss company directly 
34 | 35 
or indirectly controlled by Liberty Global, whereby the remaining public shareholders of Sunrise 
will receive a compensation, but no shares of the surviving company, if permitted by law. Fur-
thermore, after the Settlement the Offeror intends to have Sunrise apply with SIX Exchange 
Regulation for the de-listing of the Sunrise Shares in accordance with the Listing Rules and for 
an exemption from certain disclosure and publicity obligations under the Listing Rules until the 
date of de-listing of the Sunrise Shares.
M. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction 
The Offer, and all rights and obligations arising under or in connection with the Offer, shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Swiss law
. The exclusive place of jurisdiction 
for all disputes arising out of or in connection with the Offer shall be the city of 
Zurich
. 
N. Indicative Timetable 
August 27, 2020
Publication of Offer Prospectus  
August 28, 2020 
Start of Cooling-off Period 
September 10, 2020 
End of Cooling-off Period 
September 11, 2020 
Start of Offer Period 
Opening of the second trading line on the SIX for tendered Sunrise 
Shares 
October 8, 2020 
End of Offer Period, 4:00 p.m. Swiss time
* 
October 9, 2020 
Provisional notice of the interim results of the Offer
*October 14, 2020 
Definitive notice of the interim results of the Offer
*October 15, 2020 
Start of the Additional Acceptance Period* 
October 28, 2020 
End of the Additional Acceptance Period, 4:00 p.m. Swiss time
* 
Closing of the second trading line on the SIX for tendered Sunrise 
Shares** 
October 29, 2020 
Provisional notice of the end results of the Offer
*November 3, 2020 
Definitive notice of the end results of the Offer
*November 5, 2020 
Settlement of the Offer
* 
*The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period pursuant to Section B.5 ("
Offer 
Period"
), 
once or several times, in which case the above dates will be deferred according-
ly. In addition, the Offeror reserves the right to postpone the Settlement pursuant to Sec-
tion B.7 ("
Offer Conditions
"), in particular if merger control and other approvals are out-
standing or waiting periods have not yet lapsed. 
** 
It is expected that the trading on the second trading line will be terminated upon the expi-
ration of the Additional Acceptance Period or, in the event of a Postponement in accord-
ance with Section B.7 ("
Offer Conditions
"), at the end of the third (3
rd
) Trading Day prior to 
the Settlement Date.
35 | 35 
O. Security Numbers 
Sunrise 
Swiss securi-
ties number 
ISIN 
Ticker 
symbol 
Registered shares 
not tendered 
(first trading line) 
26 729 122 
CH0267291224 
SRCG 
Registered shares 
tendered
 (second trading line) 
56 563 066 
CH0565630669 
SRCGE 
P. Offer Documentation 
This Offer Prospectus may be obtained free of charge (in German, French and English) from 
Credit Suisse AG (e-mail: equity.prospectus@credit-suisse.com).  
This Offer Prospectus and other information concerning the Offer are also available at 
www.nationalconnectivitychallenger.ch. 
______________ 
Financial Advisors 
Offer Manager 
Information Agent 
tel: +41 55 242 60 03 (Retail Investors) | +44 204 5136910 (Institutional Investors) 
e-mail: sunriseoffer@investor.morrowsodali.com 
